Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Did you see it? It's neat looking. We see if it makes it fall. Well, good evening, family.
Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us again tonight. We're excited to be here tonight.
I have some things on my heart. Well, we did it. Thank you for the 600,000 subscribers.
To those that have subscribed, isn't it amazing what Jesus did?
Even if it goes back to the fives for a little bit, because sometimes it fluctuates a lot after I do a live stream because a lot of people get ticked off at what I say, or if they like it, they stay; if they don't, they leave.
But we're there. And isn't it amazing what the Lord has done in just two and a half years?
We set out to do this prayer channel and do it all to the glory of God.
All we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God. And it's pretty amazing watching.
See if people start leaving; watch. Isn't that neat? I don't want to look at it.
We went through it though. Regardless, we saw it. It's like having a touchdown.
You can say we still made a touchdown even if they try to call it back.
But you know what? It's all to the glory of God. It's neat to watch it as we grow.
We are 400,000 away from what the Lord said our goal was: to set out for and to believe God for a million-man and woman prayer army. And you know, there's a lot there. Isn't it amazing?
Most people would say, 'Well, you know, that was an overnight success,'and I say no, that's taken a lot of cultivation, an acceleration of walking with Him.
Let's go ahead and get to the news. Now, I'm a little bummed for what I saw in the spirit and what manifested today.
I didn't release this publicly until right now: what I saw in the spirit about the woman FED. Now, I saw this woman right here.
I never made her public—who I saw—but I told you all, 'I see a woman, and I'm praying over this woman.'I knew in the valley of decision that Trump was making this week that this was a major decision concerning whatever the Lord had us praying over, right?
He said the decisions he will make this week, going into the third, will be the fork in the road.
And I saw this woman right here. Do you see her? I didn't know that she was even able to run and be a part of the Fed, but this is the woman I saw.
And Braden said, 'Daddy, this is who I believe Trump is looking at.'Now, she didn't make it.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I don't know. I haven't got to pray it out enough.
But in the valley of decision, he picked somebody that was very hawkish.
He picked this man today. Do you see who he picked today? This guy. He picked him. And does it matter what I feel?
I mean, I have my opinion of what I feel in my spirit, of what I'm praying over, and does the Senate approve it?
Because they have to approve it now and the things go before the Senate.
But in my spirit, I have been praying over this since October, very strongly.
And the major valley—isn't it amazing the Lord would give us even this week?
He said he'll make major decisions that will make or break his term concerning the next couple of weeks going into the third.
This is January 30th and 31st; the third is next week. And everything the Lord said—these are major decisions concerning Iran, concerning Israel.
How will we handle Israel? How will he handle Gaza? How will he handle liberating the Iranian people from a regime that is tyrannical, that is killing young people like nothing?
It's like I talked to Donné Clement and Patricia, and we were talking about it.
It's like a Holocaust for all the bodies and all the things that are not being exposed and shown for what they are doing to their people; it's like a genocide.
And we pray for the Iranian people. We do. I pray for the Christians, the underground church of Iran in Iran, and that we would see a major revival.
Remember, the Lord has shown us so many times that He was bringing liberation; He was bringing a major revival.
And as I was sitting and I was praying even early this morning, the Lord said, 'It takes faith to believe that, Brandon.
You grabbed onto a word that I gave you, and you embraced it.'Now, I don't look at anything that God says to me; I just believe it.
I don't even realize it until He said it today when I was praying early this morning.
He said, 'You grabbed onto it, and you're receiving it by faith and you don't even realize it.'I'm fully persuaded once He says something to me of that magnitude and I see it like that, I know that it's coming to pass.
But there's no fruit of it yet. But whenever He spoke this to us—this is over a year ago—He said to us that we're bringing liberation and He's going to bring a major revival to Iran.
And there would be things that are underground and archaeological discoveries in the days ahead that will come up out of the ground that will shake the Muslim community.
So I just grab ahold of it and it's just like Abraham; I'm fully persuaded that what He has promised, He is able also to perform. When He said, 'You're going to have a million subscribers.
I want you to have a million-man and woman prayer army.'Two years ago when we had a hundred subscribers or less—of course, everybody starts out with nothing other than the family members who were excited that you started a YouTube channel—and then they join on and say, 'Oh yeah, we're subscribed; we're watching, good luck'—and then you set out and you go, 'I'm going to do this.'And then look what happens—the Lord does it just like He said it.
And I just receive it by faith. I receive it just like when He said, 'Brandon, Megan will be completely healed.
I'm going to restore that little girl, and she's going to come on the platforms that I've provided for you and she's going to be a testimony to the whole world that I'm still a Healer.'Have I seen the full manifestation of that?
No. But I see fruit. And whenever you see the first blossoms on the tree sometimes, then you may see the little bud with the little fruit on there, and you can see there's something there.
But you're so far from tasting the full manifestation of it.
All you have to do is just be patient and be giving God glory as you see the fruit ripen on the tree.
It just takes time sometimes over the course of spring into summer to fall.
Ripe apples come on the tree, and then in September, usually first of October, you get a really nice harvest of good apples.
We had an old apple tree at our old house, and we used to get those apples and eat them. They were so good and so sweet, but it took forever.
And Paisley, my little girl, would walk out there and say, 'Daddy, is it ready yet in July?'And I said, 'No, if you eat it right now, it'll give you a bellyache because it's not ripe.'But we knew if we'd just be patient and keep watching it.
Even the little birds would come and lay there on the branches and peck at them a little bit at the top; they would get the firstfruits usually.
But we knew that if we were patient, in due season—and a lot of you are in your due season—people may not understand what you're going through.
They may look at you and say, 'He's cranky,''She's cranky,''He has all this going on because of the pressure.'It's the pressure that causes the coal to transform into that beautiful diamond.
It takes pressure. And sometimes pressure makes you uncomfortable.
The fruit in the process of waiting for something sometimes makes you uncomfortable.
But I'm trying to tell you, if you do not get weary in well-doing, do not get weary in well-doing, you will reap if you faint not.
And I have seen it time and time again. If you are not weary in well-doing, you will reap the fruit of what you're believing for.
If you just believe God and have that bulldog mentality and say, "God, I know I'm fully persuaded that what you have promised, you are able also to perform it.
I am not letting go. I will not bow. I will not bend my knee to Baal.
I will stand on the promises that you said that by your stripes Megan healed."And that's what you do and that's what you continue to do.
And so if you have something in your life that seems to be impossible, God specializes in impossible situations.
All things are possible to him who believes. So, I want to encourage you tonight to don't give up on what you're believing for.
There's an expiration date to your problems. There's an expiration date to what you're looking at.
And say, "Hey, I'm telling you, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, be thou removed. Be thou cast into the sea.
I will not doubt in my heart, and I know I will have whatsoever things I say."And I believe that this mountain is going to be removed in the mighty name of Jesus.
And you just got to keep on keeping on. It's not one drop that makes the indention in those caves.
It's thousands and millions of drops of water in that place consecutively that makes the indention inside of that rock.
And you look at stalagmites and stalactites or whatever they call them, and you see the tubes and you say, "Well, how long did that take?"Well, that took millions of years or hundreds of thousands or whatever.
It's the faith that doesn't give up on the ground. It's the seed, it's the oak tree, it's the little acorn that doesn't give up on that ground.
And it's even like Billy was saying today at his thing, you can pluck out the little seeds, but you can't go down and pick up an oak tree anymore because why?
It's grabbed a hold of that dirt and it has a foundation. Its taproots went too deep.
So when your taproot goes way too deep and you get your foundation and those roots down in that soil, no matter how bad the winds of life try to blow you over, you know that oak tree is going to make it through the storm, especially a healthy one.
But a little acorn that just has barely any kind of root on it, a bird can pluck it up.
But it's the faith of a mustard seed. You've got to have the faith of a mustard seed.
It just takes a little bit to make that big old tree, that big old bush.
It doesn't take a lot. Well, "Brandon, you've got great faith."No.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. How bad do you want your life circumstances to change?
The same pants I put on just like you, one leg at a time. And you've got to keep on keeping on.
I even have my days. I get down, but I shake it off. I shake it off. I say, "I'm not going to get down anymore.
I'm going to pick myself up out of this ditch."I pick Diana up out of the ditch.
Braden picks us up out of the ditch. Paisley preaches to us and picks us up. We all know the ditch is there.
Sometimes you fall into it, but you just pick yourself up, you brush yourself off, and you keep walking.
When people try to knock you in the ditch, sometimes even family try to knock you in the ditch, you just say, "Hey, no, I'm not going to allow this phone call, I'm not going to allow this to derail me even from doing this video today."I have my obstacles.
I have to keep myself strong. I am strong in the Lord and in the power of His might even whenever you wouldn't believe. And then people get so mad at me.
They say, "Brandon, why do you talk about the haters?"You wouldn't believe the obstacles that I've come through this week.
You wouldn't believe it. And I refuse to talk about the problem.
I've tried so hard to refrain from talking about the haters and talking about the YouTubers.
But you know what? I know that persecution comes for the word's sake.
And whenever it's accurate and people see that there's fruit behind you, when you're starting to go up the mountain and they are down here and they've been down here for years, they always try to attack the people that are on top because they say, "How did they get there?"But it was one rock at a time, the vision: "I'm going to get to the top.
I'm going to be with you, Jesus. I want to be closer to you."One thing at a time, one day at a time, I choose to follow you. And I can't do this all on my own.
It's like I was listening when Billy said today, Kathryn used to say all the time that God could use anybody other than her.
God could have used all these people other than me. And that's exactly where I feel all the time.
It's not Brandon Biggs. I am not able to see anything on my own.
I'm not able to see in the future without Jesus. He shows me these things.
I believe with all my heart because you can see it in the news a couple days later. Some people get mad.
They say it's familiar spirits, but I know that it's Jesus because I feel His presence.
And in His presence there's fullness of joy. In His presence there's fullness of peace.
People may not understand your level that God's called you to, and they're not meant to.
Usually, it's just those that are the closest ones, like Diana and my son and my daughter, and they understand.
They've known the trial, they've known what we've been through, and they're the only ones that really matter.
And sometimes it may just be that you're by yourself and you just keep walking through the mud and you'll get there.
Keep on keeping on. Keep being obedient to the small things.
It's not the great big things; that's the moment that happens every once in a while.
It's the day-to-day, the mundane. What you do in the mundane will get you to the big event.
But people want the big event, but they didn't get the day-to-day in the mundane.
And I've learned this over the years. It's the janitor behind the toilet that cleans.
And even I told the Lord if I had to go back to doing it again, that's where I found who I was. That's how I found who He was. It's the dying to self.
And most people just want the aha moments, but they don't want to do what it takes to get to the process to get there.
And it's not easy. It costs a lot. And it's a lonely, lonely place because you don't let just everybody in your circle.
It's a very lonely place. And I think that's a healthy place because He's in that place.
It's not Kathryn. Billy always talks about how Kathryn was alone. She always talks about how she's alone.
And I realize it is what she always says: "It cost me so much,"and I get it more and more all the time.
This is what He said to me this morning in the wee hours of this morning.
He said to me, because I said, "Lord, where's the greater percentage of the glory?
What do we look for for healings and demonstration?"He said, "Brandon, what I'm calling for right now is the whole man."And He says, "You know a lot about deliverance because of what you've walked through.
And I want not just physical healing, but in the soulish realm."And I will call people to walk in healings, demonstrations, manifestations, and deliverance ministry so that you will cast out devils in my name.
And he said, "I'm bringing a special anointing for casting out devils on certain individual ministries. I'm looking for the bride without spot or wrinkle.
The spot and the wrinkle are sin and demonic oppression."And he said, "I'm looking for people to be completely free from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, Brandon."And there are so many people that have deviated off of deliverance ministry.
It's gotten flaky over the years. And people have seen those who have grabbed onto it, they get flaky.
I heard Billy talking about how people have buckets for vomit. Brother Hagin used to talk about this too.
People had sacks and they'd bring them to church all the time because they were vomiting these devils up.
Now, I have seen this happen. And it was through me when Jesus set me free.
So, you don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. I have seen people get free and they throw up devils.
Does it happen every time? No. So, you don't automatically carry some kind of bag around all the time.
And how do you remain free? You'll know the truth, and the truth of God's word will set you free. It will set you free and make you free.
Now, you have to have a foundation of the word of God in your heart to remain free after you get a critter out.
Because of the things that I have walked through—and I've talked about this briefly, I don't talk about it a lot, it's my past—but I'm going to tell you, Jesus set me free.
Jesus set me free. And I know what it's like to be bound by a lot of demonic spirits. And Jesus set me free.
So the Lord talked to me about it this morning and he started talking to me about people getting free of demonic spirits.
And I said, "What do I say to that?"He said, "Just tell it to come out. Don't entertain it.
Tell it to come out."And he said, "I'll back you."I said, "Okay."He said, "I want the whole man: spirit, soul, and body.
He wants you completely free in every area of your life."He wants you completely free of what you're bound by.
Some people are bound by demonic spirits of addictions, alcohol, drugs, sexual perversions, anger, witchcraft, and all kinds of things like that that you've allowed the devil.
When you open the door to the devil, the devil will come in like a flood.
He's not a gentleman; he's going to take as much ground as he can as quickly as he can.
And the moment he tries to get a hold of you, he'll try to get a stronghold on you. The Holy Spirit's a gentleman. He's always polite.
He knocks on the door of your heart and asks, "Can I come in?"But he'll never force his way in.
He's that still small voice on the inside of you. If you say, "Jesus, I want to make you Lord and Savior.
I want to have a relationship with you,"it's a slow dance. It's not a microwave; it's a slow dance.
It's an oven; it's a slow cooker. And everything is so polite with him.
Now, the devil will run you ragged. Trust me, I've been there.
And I don't give any place to the devil. I don't even like to talk about it.
I don't talk about the occult or things like that very much. Why? Because they love pride.
Satan was cast out because of pride, and pride likes to be talked about.
We glorify God with our words and our expressions because he's worthy to be praised.
We talk about him because it's the goodness of God that draws men to repentance.
But most people, it's not pride. God is worthy and he is to be exalted above everything. He is amazing.
But the devil's a loser and he lost, and Jesus made a display of him openly, triumphing over him in it.
His defeat was made known throughout the whole angelic host.
And they saw that Jesus Christ defeated him once and for all.
And as he is, so are we in this world. Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of us.
And so because he dwells on the inside of us, we have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I believe with all my heart, ladies and gentlemen, we are about to enter into the greatest revival this world has ever seen before because he's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
He told me, "I'm coming to save that which is lost. I want the greatest harvest.
Brandon, will you help me bring it in?"Just like Azusa Street, just like all these times. And that's what we're about to see.
But not only are we going to see healings, we're going to see deliverances of demonic spirits that have oppressed and possessed people like the madmen of Gadara.
We're going to clean out insane asylums. And we'll walk in there with the power and authority of the Holy Ghost on the inside of us.
And we'll say, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, give I thee: in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, be free of that demonic spirit."And they'll come to, and they're going to look around and say, "Why am I in here?"Society gave up on them, but Jesus never has.
And that's what he was showing me today. He says, "Society has given up on these people—the schizophrenic, the bipolars."And I'm not saying that every one of them is a demonic spirit; some people have hormone imbalances.
I get that. But I want to say 95% of it is a demonic spirit. It's the same with the deaf and dumb.
Some people that are deaf and dumb don't realize it's a demonic spirit that is attached to their eardrum.
They didn't disappear. Do you understand? The madmen of Gadara and the thousands of devils, the legions, they didn't disappear.
They're still going through the dry places; they're still on this earth.
I saw a girl at the grocery store and she started to manifest around us. I could smell it.
The atmosphere changed and this demonic spirit tried to push against me to try to get me to leave because it didn't want me to witness to this young girl.
Some people don't have ears to hear. They've buddied up with it. Some people don't want to be free.
And you cannot cast a devil out of somebody that wants to be friends with it.
Do you understand? Some people are friends with him, and it will come back seven times more.
More of his little demonic buddies would come back with him.
So, all right, let's talk about something else. Let's look at this.
Now, I'm concerned about this because of the timing of it. Now, I am not going to show you this for you to fear.
I want you to hear me very clearly. I am not showing you this for you to fear.
Ladies and gentlemen, you need to know where we are right now.
And as I was praying over this, the Lord said it will morph into something else.
Because I just asked him before I came on here, I said, "What is this?
Is this what they did early?"He said it will morph out of it. This is a practice to the practice.
It's about to happen. It's coming. What I showed you is coming. Now, am I speaking a word curse?
Sister Clipboard said, "Hey, you're speaking word curses."No, I'm trying to tell you what the plan of the enemy is on the wall.
Grow up, Sister Clipboard. I'm trying to show you what they're planning.
And they're going to try to kill millions, hundreds of millions of you in the days ahead. Do you understand? So, I want you to play this, son.
And I'm telling you this so that you can help me pray because I'm telling you it's coming.
I warned you in 2023 that the Lord said a virus worse than COVID was coming, and it would kill over 350 million just in this area.
There's only that many people in America. Brandon, I'm talking about all of Canada and Mexico, going through South America—all this area.
Look at this right here. I want you to see what they're saying on—is it MSNBC or is this NBC?
Okay, play. This is a highly contagious virus between humans and it's often deadly.
The two cases of Nipah virus were detected in India in the state of West Bengal, but there are concerns the outbreak could spread.
The virus has a fatality rate of 40 to 75% according to the World Health Organization.
So it's deadlier than the COVID virus, and there's no vaccine for Nipah. So authorities in India are taking no chances.
At the same time, several airports across Asia in Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, and Hong Kong are taking steps to screen passengers for any symptoms.
Nipah is a zoonotic virus that's transmitted from animals, usually fruit bats.
It doesn't spread easily to humans, and it can also come from contaminated food.
But when it does, it initially hits like the flu, then worsens.
And experts say pneumonia and other respiratory symptoms can develop.
But the most serious complication is encephalitis or inflammation of the brain.
The WHO says the fatality rate has a lot to do with the country's capacity to test, trace, and treat those infected.
In India, authorities have quarantined nearly 200 people who may have come into contact with the two infected.
It's the first time in nearly 20 years that India has had cases, but they believe the outbreak is now contained.
Still, it's a situation that US health officials are monitoring very closely.
The CDC says they're ready to assist if needed. This is a highly contagious virus.
Did they hear it well? Yes. Do you want me to play it again? Yes, you can play the first part again; it cut out a lot.
I'll rewind it and then I'll play it again. Okay. This is a highly contagious virus between humans and it's often deadly.
The two cases of Nipah virus were detected in India in the state of...
Okay, so what did we hear? Do we fear that? No. I told you it would start in January.
I said you'll start to hear the first signs of it in November and December, and by January it will spread.
I said they'll start to shut down air travel; they'll shut down all of the state-to-state travel.
Trump will shut it down. I said Trump will be president during this timeframe.
I saw him. So then I saw it spread in January, February, March, April, May, June, July.
Over that six-month period is how fast it mutated and went through everything. But it started going through January.
I remember so clearly; I can't even count how many times the Lord has warned me about this.
So when I was praying over it today, I felt in my spirit and what I've seen that it's the fall of 2027 or 2028.
All through that timeframe, this is the timeframe I've seen now. And that all goes by the fork in the road.
How are the decisions made concerning President Trump and his term and all that I've seen praying over all this?
That's why this is so important that you all just don't wait until I have time to come on here and pray with you.
This is for you. People say, 'Well, I need you to give me notes.
I need you to be like you're in a college class.'This isn't high school anymore.
I want you to go back and rewind my videos at the beginnings—I try to do recaps—and write this stuff down so that you can be a college student and take it and run with this.
The college professor doesn't give notes to the students. You have to take this and run with this. I can't hold your hand.
This is how serious the times we're living in are—why we're praying over this and why we're here tonight.
This virus—she even said a 40 to 70% fatality rate. What I saw coming, there was nobody that when they got it, they went home.
Everyone that caught that virus—unless you knew the power and the Lord said, 'If you remember what he said, you must know Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 in the days ahead.'You must have it rooted and grounded in your heart.
You must understand the power and the authority of the believer for what's coming, for very sobering days are coming.
And you must know who you are or you will not make it. That's how straightforward he was.
That's why I try to tell you about covenant. You must understand who you are.
Ephesians—reading it over and over, talking about casting these devils.
This is a spirit. This is a genetically modified AI virus. Did you even hear her say it can spread through animals?
And what did I tell you? It goes through rats. It will go through rats all through Europe.
They will release it into rats. Braden even made a cartoon for you.
The rats are in there swimming with a syringe and they're hiding, warning you about a virus.
It's not trying to curse anything; I'm trying to tell you what I have seen by the spirit of God to warn you.
So, we see birthing pains of it right here. I was troubled by that because I said, 'Did they try to release it early?
Did they do it already?'Because I saw we had more time to prepare.
See the rats? Look. Show them. See the four horsemen of the apocalypse and the plague of 2028.
That's what I put on there. That's what I saw. And I saw the rats with that in his hiney and a lab thing next to Brad Garlinghouse. Now, another thing. I'm not a financial advisor.
I think it's interesting the things that I have told you to pray over by the leading of what I felt was praying over silver when it was $12 an ounce, and the Lord said it will break a hundred.
I saw it go well over $100. Well, we did it. Isn't that amazing?
All glory to Jesus. Over $118 an ounce. From $12 when I warned you to 118.
I'm not a financial advisor, but I think that's pretty neat.
So, if you bought it at $12 an ounce when the Lord first told us about it, you made a pretty good profit.
Isn't Jesus wonderful to those that listen to the Holy Spirit for themselves and listen not by me telling you to do it, but by you just praying over something?
And if he led you to do it, great. If he didn't, fine. But I thought it was pretty neat. $12 an ounce was pretty cheap back then.
You could get a couple rolls of quarters or whatever you could afford on eBay, or get dimes here and there when we could afford it.
And right now that turned into something for us. Like I said, you have to hear the Holy Spirit for yourself.
But pretty cool. I thought when the Lord spoke to us about gold, it was less than $1,400 an ounce, and now it's over 5,000.
That's pretty neat, huh? I didn't have none of that, but you know what?
Somebody did. Isn't Jesus wonderful? So, I like to watch his handiwork. He is a mighty God.
When I told you the dollar one day will be worth 50 cents on the dollar, that's what I saw.
I said the dollar one day—one day you'll wake up and everything I saw in the banks was seized.
Everything. In a matter of just a 24-hour period, the whole world changed.
And they brought in a whole new digital era of time; everything went digital.
I said they bring in a whole new digital thing. I don't know when it will happen; I just said it will happen quickly.
And when it happened, I saw lines of people trying to get food and stuff. But I said this was the beginning of the beast system.
So to the people who go, "Well, Brandon, you're trying to tell us,"no, the Bible told you.
I didn't have to tell you anything. The Bible said there will be a one-world currency.
There'll be a beast system, and then they'll introduce a mark for your forehead or your hand, and you will not be able to buy, sell, or trade without it.
So to the people saying no, it's not a conspiracy; it's what the Bible told you is coming.
And if you don't believe the Bible, then why are you watching me?
Because this is all about Jesus in here and that's why we're here to pray.
So, you know, I just don't understand people. I really don't.
"Well, we don't believe what the Bible says."Well, then quite frankly, I feel sorry for you because you're going to hell.
Because the only way you know that Jesus loves you and that He will save your soul from hell is by knowing the Word.
He that cometh to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
But if you don't believe that He is by the Word of God, then you're off track already.
All right, anything else? So back to that thing about the man getting in there today.
I believe Trump realizes the economy is worse off than what the American people realize, and he brought in somebody stronger for the data that he's seen.
Why would he bring this man in that's very Hawkeye, very hawkish, or whatever they call it?
Is he pro-crypto? Is he pro all these things? I'm not sure; I haven't got to really study him out that much.
The woman is the one I saw, and the Lord said, "Pray over this lady."She was brought to me in a vision, and He said, "Pray over this woman."That's the one I showed you at the beginning.
And I thought, if He just brings me a picture and says, "Pray over this woman,"I knew that's the direction we needed to go.
Now, I don't add to or take away from anything. He didn't say this woman's going to be it; I said I see this woman about the Fed.
Someone said, "No, you said this."No, I said I see a woman. I don't know exactly what it's about. Go back and watch it.
This is exactly what I said: "I don't know what this is about, but I see this woman concerning Jerome Powell."And this woman right here is highlighted to me to pray over her.
Now, did she make it? No, she didn't. Do I feel like that was a mistake?
In my personal opinion—Brandon Biggs'opinion—who am I to say?
I believe it was a miss. It's my opinion. Just like I feel like JD Vance is a miss.
We don't want JD. I would rather Don Jr. or Marco Rubio for 2028. That's who I'm praying over.
But I don't believe that they will—if JD Vance was to stand up and say, "I want the nomination,"I believe it would automatically probably go to him—but I believe that there's somebody better, and I believe that's Marco Rubio, and I would even pick Don Jr.
But that's the woman. Do you see her? Maybe the Senate will fail him and they'll have to pick her. But that's the woman I saw.
And I thought it was interesting because I didn't know who I was looking at until Braden found her and he said, "This is it."I said, "That's it. That's her. That's the lady I've been praying over.
She doesn't look that heavy in the face, though."So I don't know if that's an old picture or whatever, but every time I saw the woman, she didn't look heavy under here.
I think it's interesting. Okay, I think that's good. You ready to pray?
I talked way too long, didn't I? Maybe she's getting here. Yeah, she doesn't look as heavy there, does she?
Maybe she got on Ozempic. People say, "Brandon, do you fast much?"I try.
I did today. I did yesterday. And my flesh was screaming like I'll get out. I got my smoothie and I didn't even eat it.
Diana said, "You need to eat tonight."I said, "I don't want that trash."It's green; looked like green baby food.
Father, we just thank You for the blood. And we're not afraid of any virus.
You said in Your Word, "A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us."You said, Father, that we could have Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 and they would be our shield and our buckler.
I believe, Father, in the Word and what You said about us, that we're Your beloved.
And regardless of what we see, when You said in Matthew 24 that we would see wars and rumors of wars, we'll see plagues, we'll see pestilences, we're going to see nation rise against nation—but this isn't the end; this is the beginning of sorrows.
Father, I believe we're at that timeframe right now. We're at the beginning of sorrows.
That's where I believe we are. And all I know is in my heart, Father, You're coming soon.
You tell me all the time, "Brandon, I'm coming."I trust You.
Father, we will proclaim and tell the people that You're coming every single day to get your heart ready, to get your life right before a holy God, to repent, to come up higher in your relationship with You, that we draw higher with the fire.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for the blood of Jesus that covers every single one of us on here tonight. That Your hand of protection is on us.
Father, You said in Your Word, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread."And I believe, Father, that we're the remnant.
We're the Church. We are that blood-bought redeemed Church.
And I believe, Father, that You've called us and You've chosen us for such a time as this.
And we're the closers. You've saved the best for last. We could have been born in any generation, but we were born for such a time as this.
Why? Because we had what it takes to survive it. We have what it takes to endure pressure. Closers were made for pressure.
And I believe, Father, for Your mighty hand on our homes, on our marriages, on our children, on our grandchildren, on our workplace, on our churches, that we rise up, Father, and we take our authority over the devil.
And we thank You, Lord, that greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're coming sooner than later.
Regardless of what people say—"Well, I don't believe He's coming for years and years and years"—I'm looking for right now.
If You choose to come back years from now, my heart's always ready and my lamp's always full of oil.
I occupy until You come. Lord, we occupy until You come. I don't worry about all that stuff; I just keep telling people that You're coming.
And we're so grateful, Father, that we have the opportunity today to give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
We thank You, Father, for the body that was broken for us, that You died for us, that You took all that sickness and disease on the cross for us.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we are healed by Your stripes in Jesus'name.
Amen. I believe it. I believe Jesus is a healer. I believe Jesus is a redeemer.
Father, I thank You for the blood. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank You, Father, that it never loses its power. Thank You for the blood, Lord.
Thank You for what You did for us, Jesus. Thank You, Lord, that You redeemed us and You keep us free.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we don't have to be sick, diseased, in poverty, or lack, bound by demonic, depression, and fear, anxiety, worry, all the things that have to do with taking no thought for tomorrow.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we cast our care over onto you.
For you know what we have need of before we even know we need it. You know exactly what we need and exactly what we need to do.
I thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus for the blood, and we apply the blood.
Amen and amen. Do you believe it? We're believing believers; we're not doubters.
Now, Father, what's that virus name? Nipah or something? It's a demonic spirit.
Father, we come against this demonic spirit, Nipah. It dies in the name of Jesus.
They'll probably give it some kind of TV name here pretty soon if it keeps going, but we're not going to allow it to.
We're going to curse that thing now. Get on board the faith train!
Don't sit there and say, 'Well, it's not going to morph; it's not going to do anything.'We're going to take authority over it and pray.
Father, we know what you said in Matthew 24. We know, Father, that we're in the last days, but it won't come nigh us.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that it's dying right now in the name of Jesus.
We're still going to curse it and tell the virus that it's under our feet.
Even if we see the signs of the last days because the birthing pains are happening all around us with wars, rumors of wars, and nation rising against nation, we see the signs of the times unfold.
I thank you, Father, that we're on the glory train. I'm not on the Trump train; I'm on the glory train, going full steam ahead.
All aboard the glory train! I'm on the victory side; I live on the victory side.
We're blowing our glory horn, giving the devil notice that the glorious church is rising and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
We rise up in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth and take authority over this virus, saying, 'In the name of Jesus, you will not touch us; you will not harm us.'We come against Nipah in Jesus'name.
Whether it is seasonal flu or COVID, we say you will not touch us, harm us, or try to make us sick in any way.
We apply the blood of Jesus and anoint our head with oil, and our cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow us all the days of our life, and we will dwell in the house of the Lord forever and ever.
I believe I receive healing, wholeness, and wellness in the name of Jesus.
I don't receive Nipah. I don't receive COVID. I don't receive the flu.
I receive goodness and mercy, and they are running us over. I thank you, Lord, that they follow us all the days of our life.
We call healing and wholeness over us in the name of Jesus. The blood of Jesus covers our churches and the redeemed.
No weapon formed against us will prosper. Father, I thank you for the healing and wholeness in the name of Jesus.
We walk in victory over the devil, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
He that dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall remain stable and fixed under the shadow of the Almighty, whose power no evil or foe can withstand.
I will say of the Lord, 'He is my refuge and my fortress, my God; in him I lean and rely and in him I confidently trust.'For then he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence.
Then he will cover you with his pinions, and under his wings shall you trust and find refuge. His truth and faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
You shall not be afraid of the terror of the night, nor the arrow that evil plots and slanders of the wicked that flies by day, nor of the pestilence that stalks in darkness, nor of the destruction and sudden death that lays waste at the noonday.
No pestilence, no virus, no Zika virus comes nigh us. No COVID virus comes nigh us. No flu virus comes nigh us. No Nipah virus.
A thousand may fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but it shall not come near you. Psalms 91:7.
Only a spectator shall you be, yourself inaccessible in the secret place of the Most High as you witness the reward of the wicked.
Because you have made the Lord your refuge and the Most High your dwelling place, there shall no evil befall you, nor any plague or calamity come near your tent, house, apartment, condo, or double-wide.
No evil shall befall you, nor any plague or calamity, meaning tornadoes or earthquakes in divers places. No calamity comes near your house.
For he will give his angels a special charge over you to accompany, defend, and preserve you in all your ways of obedience and service.
They're always around, accompanying me. He dwells in me. They shall bear you up in their hands lest you dash your foot against a stone.
You're not even going to hurt your foot on a rock. You shall tread upon the lion and the adder, the young lion and the serpent.
You shall trample them underfoot because he has set his love upon me; therefore will I deliver him.
He set his love upon me. Therefore will I deliver him. I will set him on high because he has known and understood my name.
Why? Because we understand his name—the name that is above every name.
And at the name of Jesus, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
And the name of Nipah, or whatever its name is, at the name of Nipah, every knee will bow.
At the name of Jesus, Nipah is going to die. It bows its knee because it has a name.
Therefore, I will deliver him. I will set him on high because he hath known and understood my name.
He has personal knowledge of my mercy, love, and kindness. It's personal.
Jesus is personal to me. It's not Brandon's Jesus; it's my Jesus.
That's what you have to say. It's not just the God of Brandon; it's my God. It's personal. He's my God. He's my Jesus. Why?
Because I know his name and I know what he did for me, and I understand this covenant that he's given us as a sign.
He said, 'Take this often in remembrance of me.'What are you remembering?
By his stripes I am healed. What am I remembering? Taking offense and remembering what he did. What did he do for me? He came to set the captives free.
His knowledge of mercy, love, and kindness trusts and relies on me knowing I will never forsake him.
I'm fully persuaded. I will never forsake him. No, never. It says, 'No, never.'So, Nipah or whatever, you demonic spirit, he's never going to forsake me.
Why? Because Psalm 91:14 told me so. I will never forsake him.
No, never. He shall call upon me and I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble.
I will deliver him and honor him. With long life I will satisfy him and show him my salvation.
When the devil comes and tells you, 'Well, all the words you're going to give, they're going to take you out, boy.'No.
With long life, devil. 'Well, it's one in 70... 40 to 70% chance you get that virus, you're going to die.'No, no, no.
In Psalms, 'With long life will I satisfy him and show him my salvation.'That's what you've got to do.
I do it by example. I talk to him just like that. I make it personal. This is talking to me.
And if you don't get that down inside of your heart, you're in trouble.
Do you see that? This is personal. I am what the Bible says I am.
I can have what the Bible says I can have. I can do what the Bible says I can do. This word is personal for me.
If you don't get a revelation of that and read it over and over—but not just read it, put yourself in it.
He's talking to me. He's talking to Braden. He's talking to Diana.
He's talking to my daughters. He's talking to me. He's talking to my family.
This is personal. This isn't some book that I'm just reading that sounds good.
No, it's personal. Do you think it'll happen for me? No, not if you just think it; I know it.
I'm fully persuaded. 'Well, what if you die, Brandon?'Well, then I go to be with the Lord.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. I still win. I say this just out of love and compassion for you all.
If you don't understand the word of God and it's not rooted and grounded in your heart, the enemy comes in to kill, steal, and destroy.
And he cannot devour. The Bible says he comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
He's looking for the ones he can devour. What makes him not devour you?
As a roaring lion, he doesn't devour the ones that know and make this personal.
It's not just a Bible verse; this is life's blood. This is my heartbeat—not in the natural, but in the spiritual.
And when you get a revelation of it in the spiritual first, it radiates to the natural.
Same with Psalm 23. I won't take the time to do that because I'm already over an hour.
Maybe next time. But do it the same way. The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
He makes me lie down in green pastures; he leads me beside the still waters.
That's me. So I want you to do that. Mirror it. Put yourself in it. Visualize yourself. Put it inside your mind.
I see Susie, Bobby, Jeff, Joe—whatever your name is—I see me as this. And don't just do it once.
Do it over and over until it becomes so real to you that there's not a devil in hell that can talk you out of it.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Not having heard.
It means you hear it over and over again. How do you believe you're saved?
By grace, I'm saved by faith. I receive my deliverance by faith.
I receive my salvation and I'm saved because Jesus said if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
I receive it by faith. If you realize how big of a miracle it truly is to say, 'I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see,'you wouldn't take it so lightly. It truly is a bigger miracle than any kind of creative miracle that you could ever comprehend.
To be lost, but now found. To be blind, but now I see. He saved me. He delivered me. He turned my life around.
And it was by his grace, by his love that he said, 'I gave my life for you.'And people just flippantly say, 'Oh, yeah, I'm saved by grace.'No. I was once blind, but now I see.
So when you hear of Nipah and you hear all these things, the very first thing you should do—instead of what that lady yells—you get this down inside of you even more because I tried to tell you what they're going to try to do in the days ahead.
Can we have authority? I believe this is part of Matthew 24, but it doesn't have to touch you.
That's what the Lord said. So when it ministers to you and you feel like there's some fruit to it, then eat it.
If not, then put it on a shelf. But I'm going to stand by this. As for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord.
Father, we just thank you, Lord. We're so grateful that you give us the Bible to look at and to read and to make it a part of us.
We breathe it in. We breathe in the refreshing of who you are to us.
We were once lost, but now we're found. I was blind, but now I see.
I'm not moved by what I see or what I feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
'Brandon, you've got issues.'Yes, we all have issues. We're a work in progress. People tick me off all the time.
You have to say, 'Hey God, I walk in love.'Even when you get off the phone and you're so upset after a conversation, 'Oh God, forgive me.
I walk in love. Help me to come up higher.'I receive it by grace. Father, Christ in me, the hope of glory.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord, before I go any further, if you're saying, 'Brandon, I'm not even born again or I'm backsliding,'and what you just said really touched my heart or made me second-guess myself...
should I know him? Yes, you're running out of time. In Acts chapter 2, it talks about how the Holy Spirit pricked the hearts of even the hardest of the people.
And maybe you're one of those who just came on here tonight and you don't know why you even clicked on this video.
But I believe it wasn't by accident. I believe you're here for such a time as this, that God is drawing you here.
It says, "No man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by Him."And I believe that you're here because the Holy Spirit brought you here tonight to give you a chance to make a choice.
Either way, you're making the choice. Either you get saved or you don't; it's still a choice.
But the Bible says it is appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
And we are not promised tomorrow. I'm going to tell you, I believe with long life He'll satisfy me.
But there are people that went to work today thinking they were going to go home that night who didn't make it home.
The shoes they put on to go to work, the undertaker was taking them off that night, and their families thought, "Where is so-and-so?"They didn't make it home tonight.
They got a call from the highway patrol or whatever and said, "Your loved one didn't make it home tonight.
They had a bad accident or whatever."And no one knows the day they're going home. Tomorrow could be your day.
And if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you're making a bad mistake. He's knocking on the door of your heart right now.
As we speak, you have an opportunity to turn your life around and make sure that you have your ticket to heaven, but you have to say it with your mouth out of your heart.
It's a simple little prayer. You may be here and you're backsliding, and you're not all in anymore.
You're not all on fire for Jesus. Your heart has become so cold because you became weary in well-doing.
And all the people around you that you've been hanging out with, they've been a bad influence on you, and they're talking you out of your personal relationship with Jesus Christ—all that religious stuff, we don't want to do all that, whatever.
And over the course of time, your heart has become callous. The Holy Spirit warns you time and time again, "Don't hang around them.""Oh, it's okay. I can witness to them and be a light as I hang around them.
I'm going to be a light in the darkness tonight as we go to the bar."But over the course of time, that water drip brought you back underneath them because you didn't remain underneath the Word of God.
You didn't remain in church. You started hanging out with the world all the time, going out doing things that you knew were wrong in the first place.
And now you're looking at yourself, and you've got chains of iron all around you.
And you're thinking, "What happened to my life?"It was one bad choice that brought me here, and it was repeated.
But tonight, God wants to set you free. He's never left you, and He's never forsaken you.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need. You may have walked away from Him, but He's never walked away from you.
He's always been there, waiting for you to come home. Will you come home?
And I believe if you're here tonight and you feel that tug and you feel your butterflies and all the things you feel—"Oh goodness, do you think He would allow me to come home?"—yes.
Just like the prodigal, he was laying in the pigpen and he said to himself—he came to himself and said, "If I could just go back to my father's house and be a servant."But what he didn't know is the father was waiting with his arms wide open with the robe, and he said, "Kill the fatted calf, my son's home or my daughter's home in your case or whoever you are."You say, "Oh, will He do the same for me?"He's no respecter of persons; what He'd do for one, He'll do for thousands and millions.
So, I believe that tonight is your night of coming back home.
But you've got to get radical and get all in because you're running out of time.
Or you could be the person that's never asked Jesus and you said, "Do you think He would accept me into His kingdom?"He did it for the thief on the cross.
He said, "Today you'll be with me in paradise."Today is your day of salvation. So I want to just say a simple little prayer for you.
A five-year-old could say it, but I want you to put in the comment section right now and say, "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night. I'm coming home. I turn from all that I've been doing and I want a fresh, clean start with Jesus.
Would you please pray for me?"Just come as you are. And I believe right now God is waiting for you at that door.
And He's saying, "Come on home, hun. Come on home, son."So, I'm going to say a simple prayer, and I want you to mean it with everything.
Say it with all you've got. Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior. I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Lord, I confess my sins and you said you'd be faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And as of tonight, Lord, I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin. And I ask you to forgive me. And I ask you, Father, to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I will serve you with everything I have. I dedicate my life to you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I'll be with you in paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again. Thank you, Lord, that you've washed me and you've made me clean.
And as far as the east is from the west, you've taken my sins from me.
And tonight's my night for a brand new start as I give my heart over to you. Thank you, Jesus.
Amen and amen."Well, I believe if you just said that prayer, you just asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
I believe that your best days are yet to come. And so, what do you do now? You go to a Bible-believing church.
I would go to a non-denominational church and tell the pastor there, "I need to be water-baptized."Get water-baptized and get plugged in there.
Go to their Bible studies or whatever kind of care group, small group, whatever you can do to learn about Christianity.
Learn about what you've done today. Read your Bible every single day.
Just like I was teaching a little bit ago, come here and pray with us.
Pray by yourself. Get plugged into church. Get excited about your new life.
The angels in heaven are rejoicing right now that even one would come to repentance.
And I'm so excited you're here. I don't know if there's anybody that said that prayer yet, but we welcome you.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible, you don't have a Bible, my wife and I will buy you a Bible for free.
We want to give you your first Bible. All you have to do is email us. There's an email down there in the description.
You just click on that link there and my wife and I will send you your Bible for free, and we just want to do it as just as saying, "Hey, welcome to the kingdom of God.
We're excited you're here."Stick around. I believe you can learn how to pray.
We'll pray together. We're just all seeking the Lord. Hey, I'm just an ex-sinner saved by grace just like you are.
And I believe I'm a work in progress just like you are. There ain't nobody perfect here.
We're all a work in progress. So, we're excited you're here.
And if you fall down and you skin your knee tomorrow and you go back and you say, "Man, I sinned today,"run to God when you sin; you don't run away from Him.
The moment you confess your sin is not when the Lord found out about it; it's the moment you got rid of it. It's gone. He doesn't remember it anymore.
So, just keep going to the Father: 'Help me to get through this, Lord.'I believe that You're going to set me free from all that stuff, all that bondage.
Nothing holds me back anymore. All 87 of you, welcome to the family.
We had 87 people say that prayer with us and rededicate their hearts to Jesus.
That's wonderful. I'm excited for you. Welcome to the family.
All heaven is rejoicing, and hell's saying, 'We lost a good sinner tonight.'Isn't that wonderful?
All 87 of you. That's awesome. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Welcome to the family.
Tell them in the comments section, 'Welcome to the family.'All those who just gave their hearts to Jesus Christ, light that thing up.
Tell them, 'Welcome to the family.'You gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, all 87 of you.
That's awesome. So, to the other 7,600 that are still here, let's go ahead and pray.
We'll go tubing for a little bit and call it a night. We took communion. We prayed. I'm so grateful for the 87; that's why we do this.
I almost didn't come on again; there's a lot of things we're going through, and I'm so thankful that we did.
No matter how much pressure we go through. Isn't that wonderful, son?
If you're here and you've never liked, subscribed, and clicked on the bell for our channel, welcome.
Please stick around. We really appreciate it. We're over 600,000 people now—600,121 people have subscribed to this channel.
We're so thankful for every single one of you that has stuck around and been praying with us.
We're believing for a million, and we're well on our way. If something were to happen to YouTube, you'll be able to find us on X or Facebook. You can go on X via the link down below and find us.
I'll broadcast live on both of those if YouTube were to ever say, 'Hey, we don't want you on here.'I don't think they will, but if they were to, because of the things that I've seen coming in the days ahead, we'll have other alternate platforms.
We're growing those by faith. I'm believing for 100,000 subscribers on X and 100,000 subscribers on Facebook right now.
We're getting closer and closer all the time. It's really growing.
We had one post this week that had over a million hits. Isn't that amazing?
Braden said, 'Daddy, we got one that went viral.'It had 1.5 million hits and over 62,000 shares.
That's pretty amazing. All glory to Jesus. We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of His love, His wonderful love.
I stand in awe of You, Lord. I feel His presence so strong, and I'm really trying to figure out which direction He wants me to go.
The wonderful, matchless grace of Jesus, brighter than the mighty rolling sea.
Grace all-sufficient for me, for even me. He's brighter than the scope of my transgressions.
Grace, grace all-sufficient for me, for even me. I like the older songs.
The wonderful, matchless grace of Jesus. Oh Father, we worship You.
If you don't know about the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you need to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Get the book, 'Why Tongues?'You can listen to the audio on YouTube by Brother Hagin.
Brother Kenneth Hagin, 'Why Tongues?'It will teach you about the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
We believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit on this channel with speaking in other tongues, and we're not ashamed of it.
There are a lot of people that cower away from it. We do not. We're bold about it because it's changed my life.
I pray in tongues all day long. The only way, I believe, to have a very victorious life is to get the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
In Acts Chapter 2, you can listen to the audiobook series; it's 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth Hagin, and it will educate you on things.
Oh Father, oh glory. I got direction. He just said to me, 'Brandon, I need you to take care of the Iran thing now.'Oh Father, what about Iran, Lord?
We thank You, Lord. I see it. I plead the blood over every vision, over everything You've shown me.
I thank You, Father, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Over everything, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I ask You to speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind. All of You and none of me.
Every person that would be in harm's way, we protect them in the name of Jesus.
I put angels around them right now. I see them. I cover them in the blood.
In the airspace, on Israel's side and America's, on our planes and their planes.
On our aircraft carriers, we pray over our aircraft carriers right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over the Lincoln. Lincoln, you're protected. All your crewmen and women, I call you protected in the name of Jesus.
All servicemen and women, protected in the name of Jesus. Base in Iraq, I cover you in the blood.
I put a bloodline around you. Drones, we call you to fall out of the sky.
These missiles—surface-to-surface, surface-to-ground—I see these air-to-surface missiles for the planes; they're hidden over there.
Every one of our pilots is protected. Every one of the people in Iraq is protected, in the bases around Kuwait.
I cover them in the blood. Over Tel Aviv, over the payloads, over Tel Aviv.
Show Yourself strong, Lord. Show Yourself strong over Tel Aviv.
Trump, be bold. Be bold in your decisions. Be bold. The great shaking.
The great shaking of the ground. The autumn, and over these green lasers—the precision of a knife.
The precision is like a scalpel. For some of this, they need angelic aid and assistance.
There are two different things I see that I cannot say, but they need help.
An angel needs to help him. Two angels dressed in military gear need to help them.
Oh Father, send Your angels. Where we can't do it, we ask, Father, if we can't get behind it, You send them. If we can't do it, you send it.
We thank you right now in the name of Jesus for those angels on assignment right now in the name of Jesus, filling all our weak spots.
That the angels of the Lord, the angels on assignment, entertaining angels unaware, we call forth your mighty angels, your warring angels in the name of Jesus.
Michael, we call forth the big ones. Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're entertaining angels unaware.
We call the angels for aid and assistance. We call them out of the realm of the spirit into the natural right now in the name of Jesus.
And we intercede on behalf of what I'm seeing. In the name of Jesus Christ, we call them in.
We call in victory. We call in the victory. We have the victory in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for there is an invisible cloak that you cloak us with.
You cloak us, Father, that while they're in that secret place of the Most High, you cloak us tonight, Father, so that they can't see them.
There's blinders on their eyes so that they can't see it, Father, that you cloak us with an invisible cloak.
You protect us under your wings. You will shelter us in your wing.
Underneath your wings, our birds and our stuff flies, sheltered underneath your wings.
Liberating the people in the name of Jesus, that you shelter our birds.
You shelter our helicopter. You shelter our people. You shelter them underneath your wings.
And the angels of the Lord are providing aid and assistance. I believe it for the cloak.
Oh Lord, we thank you for the cloak that you protect us with, those wings and those feathers.
Oh, we thank you, Lord. You're protecting them. You're protecting Abraham Lincoln.
We call protection over him. We call protection over Abraham.
We thank you, Lord. That's what I'm hearing inside. Call a shield and a buckler.
Father, I thank you that Abraham is protected. This is very serious.
There's much more I cannot say, but you need to really pray for Abraham. We thank you, Lord.
We take the care out of our prayer, for we know that you have your hand on Abraham.
You're protecting Abraham, Lord, and all the ones that are around him.
And this boat right here, I see this boat right here. I pray over them in that boat.
It looks like a little cruise ship or a battleship. It's out.
It's a long boat. And I see it on fire. I see it has been a direct hit.
And there are people on it that have perished. That's why I say I protect it, that they are protected.
This longer boat is protected right here, and we will not have any casualties on that one either.
Thank you, Father, that you're protecting them. Thank you that you protect the Israeli troops.
Thank you that you're protecting the Israeli troops for strategic purposes.
There's so much to this; it's very strategic. Every person, every strategy, every single strategy is led by your spirit.
And let their thoughts be even that you're speaking to them.
They maybe don't even know that they're hearing you, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy is following this nation.
And you're protecting our troops. You're protecting the Israeli troops.
You're protecting even this other one I see, and I can't say them.
Oh Father, we cover him in the blood. And I pray over President Trump.
I pray over his mind, and I bind the spirit of confusion off of him in Jesus'name.
I bind confusion. Father, we thank you, Lord, that his mind has the mind of Christ.
2 Timothy 1:7 says God has not given a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
I thank you, Father, that President Trump has the mind of Christ and he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We thank you, Lord, that all around him, from JD Vance, we pray protection over him and his wife and his children; over Trump and his children: over Barron, over Tiffany, over Ivanka, over Eric, and over Don Jr., we call a bloodline around them and even over Kai.
We cover them in the blood. We cover them, and the angels of the Lord are around and about them in retaliation for anything.
We cover the family in the name of Jesus. That they are always in the right place at the right time.
That President Trump is in the right place at the right time. That Father, there will be no attack upon his life.
That he will live long and finish strong and finish the course that you have for him.
I stand, Father, in agreement with all that is here tonight that President Trump will finish his term, and that no weapon formed against him will prosper.
And every plot, every plan of the wicked will be leaked and brought to justice in the name of Jesus, foreign or domestic.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit of evildoers concerning his children, concerning his marriage, his wife, concerning his cabinet—every plot, every plan, every pursuit of the wicked, foreign and domestic, here and abroad.
No weapon formed against him will prosper here or there or anywhere.
Every plot, every plan, our Secret Service will hear about it before; there will be a leak.
I'm calling for leaks. Loose lips will sink the ships of the adversaries.
When they talk, they're going to talk chatter, and they don't even know why they're chattering. The loose lips will sink the ships of the adversaries.
Every single plot, every plan in our country and out, with drinks, with assaults, with anything that they plan for an eye for an eye, we call it uncovered so that the Secret Service, Homeland Security, the FBI, and the NSA would find everything that's leaked.
The underground chatter will be found in the name of Jesus, from Red Dawn experiences to Pearl Harbor experiences to any kind of D-Day experience from Cuba.
Watch Cuba for a D-Day. Old alliances from the Cuban missile crisis are coming back alive on a greater scale.
I see it even in Cuba in the middle of the night. We call an uncovering in the middle of the night on boats that almost look like a kite.
We call all of it uncovered in the name of Jesus. Every plot, every plan in our country, major tall buildings and the entire floors.
Devices in our buildings, devices in our skyscrapers. I am going to say this: many little 9/11s, not the same magnitude, not big like the planes and all this stuff.
These are assignments, but needless to say, it's a crippling of the infrastructure of your nation.
Hotels. Chicago. I see Chicago really clear right now. I see Chicago lit up very strong right now on a waterfront next to the river.
There's a river and I see a hotel very clear. And this is a plot of a device in the hotel.
Okay. I see a skyscraper in New York on the 41st floor. Very clear.
The device is on the side next to the river. It's the East River.
It's right there. There's a stream; the building is right here on this side.
I see it again. It's an explosion on the 41st floor. Very clear.
The numbers are before my eyes and I see it. There are plots and plans coming in the days ahead. This one is not as strong as this one. Okay.
So when I say that Chicago is highlighted bigger than New York, the one in Chicago was very dominant, a very prominent, clear vision.
I see snipers on roofs against law enforcement. When they come to rescue, there are people on the roofs.
They're dressed in black garb. It's like a hunting rifle, like a.30-06.
It's for the firefighters and the first responders to cause confusion and chaos as they come to try to rescue.
The man at the front charge, I see him drop like a leaf. He's running into the building and I see him drop by the doors.
They don't really know why because there's so much noise from the sirens and the loudness of the people screaming and doing things that they're not paying attention.
And I see it's from his back. It's at his back. It's a very clear vision.
Very clear. Stay, Lord. That's very clear. Oh Jesus, your presence makes me whole.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Okay. LA, Dallas, Houston, mega churches.
This is interesting. Lakers. It's what it represents. That's interesting.
Now, this is interesting because I hear Illuminati. What are you showing me?
I want to see clearly, Lord. Help me. I come up higher. Your presence makes me whole.
Jesus. Wonderful Lord Jesus. Okay, I see it. It's still about the border. It's still about ICE.
It's black swan events concerning ICE in the days ahead, trying to get that foothold back in the media. Greater protest, greater landmarks.
When I saw Billie Eilish going and doing the Super Bowl—I don't understand why I see it—it's the Staples Center, right?
Where the Lakers play. I say LeBron, but it's about the Illuminati.
This is an undercurrent, but it's something about getting a foothold back in the media, a foothold back in things for what's happening with this.
It's going to be an acceleration, but I see events that are about to take place to shake the nation.
Some of it is terrorist, some of it is foreign, and some of it is domestic.
The Lord said foreign and domestic. Some are homegrown and some are not.
They play off each other. I see the 250. Thank you, Lord. It's interesting.
I can't see behind that. There's like an ink screen. It looks similar to a veil.
I get to it and I can't get past it for some reason. Lord, it's going to take more prayer, but they ink screened it.
I come up higher, Father. Lord, some of it is for your protection.
He said, 'No, too much today.'I can see it so clear. I see Seattle.
I see Portland. I see Los Angeles. I don't know what it has to do with this.
I see these people and they have masks on and they look like people that would be at a costume party.
They have masks on their faces, but they look like those masks they hold up.
And these people have very bad eyes, but they're white masks. Every one of them has the same kind of mask.
Some of them are split with black and white masks and they're holding these costumes up.
Some of them just go right here on their eyes, but 90% of them, I would say from what I'm looking at in this room, have candles and they have robes on with hoods and they have black masks on their faces.
They're a society. He said, 'This is the darkness that you're seeing, son.
This is a darkness. This is a group. This is an occult.'Not an occult like just being there.
It's thinking, influence, dominance. But the root of that fruit is witchcraft.
The root of the fruit of the levels is a cult. It all links to it.
But they try to say it's soft, like it's high society. It's Rockefeller's underground.
So that's what this is; it's a dark way of thinking. It's control, but the root of it is the devil.
It's how they can control and manipulate the media, sports, business, and politics.
These people are so blind they don't realize they're all going to hell. It's very interesting. I'm looking into this.
I'm not saying everything I'm seeing, but I'm trying to give you all highlights because you're here.
I'm just telling you that this is what's going on and it's dark.
But it's all connected, foreign and domestic. So, I'll leave it there.
Lord, we're so grateful for all that you show us. We're so grateful, Father, for where we are in these end times.
That's interesting. Okay. So, then it just went from here to Japan.
And this same thing is connected in Japan and it goes from Japan to China. Very dominant.
And I see Asian men with these same kind of things and they have long noses on their masks.
It's an underground network. So Lord, we pray for them to be exposed.
Father, their day of judgment is here. The sower and the reaper go hand in hand.
And Father, you're uncovering dark societies, underground societies.
Wow. This goes clear into Australia. Oh, it's in Europe. It's in England.
It's a global underground network. That's like some kind of video game. That's strange stuff.
Lord, we're so thankful that you uncover and you bring to light all of this darkness.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for uncovering all of it. Now I see Epstein's face.
An uncovering of a vast network of demonic activity is coming and it will splinter off and it will be more and more in the media.
You'll see sports figures. This is the same thing of what I've showed you in the past.
An uncovering of sports figures. Embarrassing moments are coming.
The Lord says when this new Edward Snowden comes, embarrassing moments are coming for sports figures, Hollywood celebrities, politicians, and big businessmen and women.
The masks will be taken off. And I'm going to expose them for who they are and the darkness that is in these underground networks.
You'll be shocked at what you hear and what you see in the media.
They will try to bury it, and there will be an utter panic for some of them because files will be uncovered.
So pray for the uncoverer. Pray for boldness. Pray for a backbone to do this.
Pray. Enough's enough. I see Anonymous. I hear Anonymous, hackers.
The Lord says I hear the word hackers, Anonymous, someone from there.
I see the word Anonymous hackers have files for ransom, but they're scared to do this because of how powerful it is.
It's very scary because of how big this is for their lives. This is so deep and so dark.
But when this is exposed, even piece by piece, you'll see people scattering like roaches.
The Lord says that's interesting. And this goes into the Vatican; this goes into the Vatican police forces. This is like a grid.
The Lord said, 'I'm preparing you how to pray for great darkness to be discovered in one day.'In a 24-hour period, great darkness will be uncovered and there will be a shockwave sent throughout the whole world, for their day has come.
Their day of reckoning has come. I hear the Lord say, 'Embarrassing moments, very humiliating moments, an outcry and an uprising within the people.'It's almost like civil war when they realize they've been played.
I see what's going on with this protest right now. This is what's happening when people realize they've been played.
These people are mad, they're tearing up everything. I see too many people, like Million Man Marches, demanding change in the government.
This is all so interesting. And it goes into Australia, it goes all around, it splinters everywhere into Canada, it goes into Mexico.
It's underground. Now, that's interesting. Well, praise the Lord.
When that anointing comes on me and I'm seeing like that, if I sing a little bit, the visions come on stronger, giving him praise and the Lord will show me what's going on.
But he's doing it; he wants us to pray. Bottom line, what this is for is we're praying for an uncovering of this darkness, to be exposed for the wicked that it is, for seedtime and harvest is at hand.
And what you've sown in private, you'll reap openly. Watch, it will fall on the just and the unjust.
It's not just about cleaning the church, but judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
But he's cleaning up the world from the evildoers that have thought they've gotten away with all this evil that they've done.
And the Lord is bringing cleansing. He's bringing cleansing.
That's my heater; it's not a whistle. All right, I'm done tonight.
I'm tired now. God bless you all. It's like what you saw about Kamala Harris. The blinders come off their eyes.
The blinders will have come off their eyes concerning Kamala Harris and the Democrats and the Republicans.
And they'll be mad and upset. I saw people of color being very upset for some of the things that would be revealed.
It's very interesting. Well, praise the Lord. I don't know what time it is.
I tried to come on earlier tonight so it wouldn't be so late when we finished.
It's been two and a half hours, and I'm so thankful for the time the Lord has given us to show us things.
But I'm excited to see what's about to happen with some of these people. They deserve it.
They feel like they're above the law, they're above this, and they fall.
From what I've seen with these societies, what I saw, it looks like silky velvet robes that were hooded, and they were very, very expensive looking.
But there's an uncovering of darkness in sports and all these different areas.
And the Lord said it will be a day of reckoning, a day of sternness, and they'll be embarrassed.
I've seen one person in particular that used to be a First Lady running around in utter panic.
He didn't act like he cared too much, like it is what it is, 'I'm old, what are they going to do?'But for some reason, she was in panic.
And it has to do with the head of Anonymous. Head of Anonymous. I don't know what to do with it. I'm tired now.
After I look over and I get tired, I have to take a break and rest in him.
It's all Jesus anyway, but I've got flesh and my flesh gets tired. It pulls a lot.
But as long as I keep in worship, I can stay in there longer and the visions get clearer.
But the moment you start looking too much and it's in the flesh, it pulls off.
As long as you're going vertical, as long as you keep looking at him, he shows me more of how to pray for things.
It's not about Brandon. I decrease, he increases. Thank you, Father.
You're so good and your mercy endures forever as long as you give God glory.
And as long as you give God praise, he shows me things to come.
And I go behind that veil, I can see it. As long as I come up higher.
But even then my flesh, after two hours, I have to take a break. It's heavy.
Some of the things I see, what they were doing to children—it was dark, but I didn't talk about it.
There's a lot to this other than what I told you because I can't say it all.
I'm on a live thing and so I'm learning very quick, but I have a lot of censorship boards.
So, I will tell you this before I leave: pray for our troops and pray for Lincoln.
Please don't forget to pray for our men and women of service.
This is not for your entertainment; this is for you to help me.
I leave you with those things, and this is so important for the decisions that will be made. It doesn't matter how long.
I don't want to say too much for a decision that will be made to pray over the safety of our men and women of service.
They're just doing their job, but they're people. Those are somebody's children, and if it was your children, you would pray for them.
They're loved. They need boldness and they need to be without fear.
They want to do their job for America. Be proud of our servicemen and women; they're doing it for us. They love us. They're doing a job and they're doing it well.
And we are thankful for every single one of them and our Homeland Security and over the hotels in Chicago and over New York.
We pray for every single one of these things that I see so far that I'm able to talk about a little bit.
And we pray for the people that they're in protection, because there'll be people staying in those buildings and wanting to sleep there that night.
And we pray for protection and over our firefighters, our first responders.
So we pray for them and over President Trump, that he'll have wisdom on how to handle this nation and that every enemy foreign and domestic will be uncovered because he is coming against some major things and the roadblock of people that are just—where'd you see that?
That happened a while ago. That is really too wild. And then today, who was that Anonymous that leaked that or is that our government?
I think government. And then what was it? Because I saw Anonymous and I saw a group.
Oh my goodness. Bill Gates guy, who leaked this? I think that might be government.
I haven't really—that's too over the top. But I heard—I didn't hear government, I heard Anonymous.
Yes, very embarrassing moments are coming. And this could be it, but I believe there's a lot more from what I just saw.
Well, I'll be. He's defending it though. Who? I don't know. It's all speculated, but Elon.
Yeah. Oh my god. Well, there you have it. When was this done? Just minutes ago, a couple hours ago as we're praying.
Very, very interesting. As we pray, stuff's being leaked out. The Lord is amazing, but it's not who I saw though.
So, you can't go by—don't add to or take away from anything just because that's something like there I saw a group.
So, I don't sit there and go, 'Well, this is it. Prophecy confirmed.'No, I saw a group of hackers.
I saw something new, like Edward Snowden. I said that right? Yes, you said that.
Something new—not Epstein, but more about Epstein: dark things that would be very embarrassing.
Now, I don't know if that looks too embarrassing; that's pretty embarrassing.
But what I saw was cockroaches on a ship. I saw people in utter panic in high societies around the world coming.
So that will be pretty embarrassing right there. It depends on how old she is, but that could be like a 25-year-old person. Praise the Lord. I'm tired. Good night, y'all.
We really appreciate every single one of you subscribing, liking, clicking the thumbs up, and all the things you can do to help us.
The best is yet to come for the body of Christ. We appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you for joining us and being here. We'll do it again and keep doing it.
Keep coming back and praying over these things. The Lord keeps showing us more and more of that which is to come.
All glory to Jesus. We give all the glory to Jesus. We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.